---
layout: post
title: No Problems? No business!
description: no
summary: no
comments: true
tags: [what-problem]
---
Many years ago when I had an agency I coached a client of mine named Hector. 

I could see that he was getting impatient. But so was I! What bothered me was that we both were clueless where we were going. After achieving some successes, there were no new goals. And that was the biggest mistake!

We had a heated conversation and I was kinda losing  my cool. I said, "I can help you get anything you want but first, you have to tell me what that is!"

It's simple. But simple doesn't always mean easy. 

A quote from Alice in Wonderland is right on it. 

"Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?"
"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat.
"I don’t much care where--" said Alice.
"Then it doesn’t matter which way you go," said the Cat.
"--so long as I get somewhere," Alice added as an explanation.
"Oh, you’re sure to do that," said the Cat, "if you only walk long enough." --Chapter 6, Pig and Pepper

Don't be like Alice! If you will wonder around and waste your time "walking" or working without any direction you will get to the neverland.



It's all about asking the right questions and figuring out the problem that your customer currently has in their head.

All you gotta do is ask.

One of the best questions in coaching you can ask is this. I learned it from Dan Sullivan.

"If we were having this discussion three years from today, and you were looking back over those three years, what has to have happened in your life, both personally and professionally, for you to feel happy with your progress?"

If your customer refuses to answer this question, then don't work with them. 

Why? Because they don't need you. And even if they say they do, refuse and run away. Because if you won't deliver them results, you won't get paid. And since you don't know what the problem, how can you solve anything?

This is such a critical part, that it can either make you big in coaching or destroy your business.



