---
layout: post
title: Part 2. DISCOVER
description: no
summary: no
comments: true
tags: [typography]
---

Get obsessed with who the heck your customer is...
I'm sure you have heard that you need to know who your perfect customer a million times, but the problem is 80-90% of coaches and consultants still have no idea who they serve.
When I started, this one was my BIGGEST MISTAKE. In fact, the whole reason why I wasn't making money was because I was targeting everyone. Instead of getting rid of people and weeding them out I served everyone.
So who are these mysterious ideal customers anyway? And why should you get obsessed?
6
 They are so vague at
 knowing who ideal customers are, that it's pathetic.

Well first of all, talk to ONE ideal client only. Just one. It's like dating.
You are sitting across the bar and a girl is looking straight at you, she's got your attention. (if you are a girl, think of a guy)
Who's she?
What does she want?
What triggered her attention?
If you know the answers you can sell almost anything to anyone. I learned this golden nugget from Sean Vosler.
Now, then I thought, this sounds cool and all but how do I translate this into my business?
The first thought that popped up into my head was LinkedIn.
That's when I had a huge epiphany.
"Think of ideal customer as a LinkedIn personal profile."
Why LinkedIn and not Facebook or Instagram? Because LinkedIn has a job title and a description of what the person does.
  BOOM!
7

You don't even have to make up an ideal avatar. Just go to LinkedIn and find the perfect person and they are already there. (In some exceptional cases you could still do this on Facebook and other platforms, but I find LinkedIn so much easier)
Now, you don't have to contact them, interview them or anything weird like that (not yet anyway). Just write down who they are and print their description. Then start digging deeper. Go into their posts, shares, blogs, etc. and spy on them. See what they are talking about. Find the language they use and what's on their mind... They talk about problems on social media a lot.
Now, this is where the ideal customer "obsession" comes in. You need to constantly refine your ideal customer avatar. Refine, refine, refine. It might change overtime. But either way, it's a moving target. Creating a long-lasting avatar can take you months or even years. So, don't lazy out on this.
Do it now.
Not three, not two. Just one. This is important in the beginning especially. Also, it is so much easier to serve one. You don't even have to create all that content to satisfy them all!
8
 Find your ideal client and talk to that ONE ideal client
 only. Just one.

You'll be tempted to serve many. But don't be fooled.
Your goal is to be "lean" on information. Less is more. Serving many means spreading thing and it is the worst thing you can do.
Later when you got one ideal client right you can look at look-alike audiences and target those.